Add ef_ defaults for binary-quantized faiss index (#9918)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _field-types/supported-field-types/knn-methods-engines.md

Parameter name | Required | Default | Updatable | Description
:--- | :--- | :--- | :--- | :---

> `ef_search` | No | 100 | No | The size of the dynamic list used during k-NN searches. Higher values result in more accurate but slower searches. The default is `256` for [binary indices](https://docs.opensearch.org/docs/latest/vector-search/optimizing-storage/binary-quantization/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ef_search` | No | 100 | No | The size of the dynamic list used during k-NN searches. Higher values result in more accurate but slower searches. Default is `256` for [binary indexes]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/vector-search/optimizing-storage/binary-quantization/).
```

> `ef_construction` | No | 100 | No | The size of the dynamic list used during k-NN graph creation. Higher values result in a more accurate graph but slower indexing speed. The default is `256` for [binary indices](https://docs.opensearch.org/docs/latest/vector-search/optimizing-storage/binary-quantization/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ef_construction` | No | 100 | No | The size of the dynamic list used during k-NN graph creation. Higher values result in a more accurate graph but slower indexing speed. Default is `256` for [binary indexes]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/vector-search/optimizing-storage/binary-quantization/).
```
